add no_prealloc (#4)
oxinabox/AutoPreallocation.jl: README.md

1. Generate a *record* of all allocations
2. Use that *record* to avoid allocations when the function is called

## Functions;
### `value, record = record_allocations(f, args...; kwargs...)`
Record the allocations from computing `f(args...; kwargs...)`.
The returned `record` object is what holds these allocations, to be reused.

### `value = avoid_allocations(record, f, args...; kwargs...)`
Compute `f(args...; kwargs...)`, while making use of the preallocations stored in the `record`.

### `@no_prealloc(expr)`
This macro is used within code that one might use AutoPreallocation on.
It is used to mark a section to have all its allocations ignored.
They will neither be recorded, nor avoided.

> This is useful if internally to the function its allocations are e.g. not nondetermanistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if internally to the function its allocations are e.g. nondeterministic.
```
